README.adoc, before:

= SWAMP SCARF IO libraries

The https://wwwm.continuousassurnace.com[Software Assurance Marketplace (SWAMP)]
runs software assurance tools, and converts the results of each tool into a
common format called SCARF (SWAMP Common Assessment Result Format).
This repository contains a set of libraries that allows a client to read and
write SCARF data from programs written in Perl, Python, C, C++ and Java
(read only).
SCARF was originally an XML based file format, but there is an experimental
JSON file format supported.

Documentation for each language can be found in the appropriate directory.

.Available libraries
[options="header",cols="3"]
|======
|Language	| XML | JSON
|Perl
    | link:perl/README-SCARFXMLREADER.html[reader] link:perl/README-SCARFXMLWRITER.html[writer]
    | link:perlJSON/README-SCARFJSONREADER.html[reader] link:perlJSON/README-SCARFJSONWRITER.html[writer]
|Python
    | link:python/README-SCARFXMLREADER.html[reader] link:python/README-SCARFXMLWRITER.html[writer]
    | link:pythonJSON/README-SCARFJSONREADER.html[reader] link:pythonJSON/README-SCARFJSONWRITER.html[writer]
|C/C++
    | link:c/README-SCARFXMLREADER.html[reader] link:c/README-SCARFXMLWRITER.html[writer]
    | link:cJSON/README-SCARFJSONREADER.html[reader] link:cJSON/README-SCARFJSONWRITER.html[writer]
|Java
    | link:java/[reader]
    |
|======

Commit message:

Added SCARF documentation docs/SCARF.pdf

README.adoc, after:

= SWAMP SCARF IO libraries

The https://wwwm.continuousassurnace.com[Software Assurance Marketplace (SWAMP)]
runs software assurance tools, and converts the results of each tool into a
common format called SCARF (SWAMP Common Assessment Result Format).
This repository contains a set of libraries that allows a client to read and
write SCARF data from programs written in Perl, Python, C, C++ and Java
(read only).
SCARF was originally an XML based file format, but there is an experimental
JSON file format supported.

For documentation on SCARF see link:docs/SCARF.pdf[docs/SCARF.pdf]

Documentation for each language can be found in the appropriate directory.

.Available libraries
[options="header",cols="3"]
|======
|Language	| XML | JSON
|Perl
    | link:perl/README-SCARFXMLREADER.html[reader] link:perl/README-SCARFXMLWRITER.html[writer]
    | link:perlJSON/README-SCARFJSONREADER.html[reader] link:perlJSON/README-SCARFJSONWRITER.html[writer]
|Python
    | link:python/README-SCARFXMLREADER.html[reader] link:python/README-SCARFXMLWRITER.html[writer]
    | link:pythonJSON/README-SCARFJSONREADER.html[reader] link:pythonJSON/README-SCARFJSONWRITER.html[writer]
|C/C++
    | link:c/README-SCARFXMLREADER.html[reader] link:c/README-SCARFXMLWRITER.html[writer]
    | link:cJSON/README-SCARFJSONREADER.html[reader] link:cJSON/README-SCARFJSONWRITER.html[writer]
|Java
    | link:java/[reader]
    |
|======
